What is your favorite holiday?
What was the most number of people you have ever met during a holiday?
Which holiday was that?
Do you still talk to the people you met?
Yea, me too. I feel like God often puts strangers in front of you, and gives you an opportunity to connect with them in that moment in deeply meaningful ways. Do you ever feel like you know things about strangers without them telling you?
I think it's like a 6th sense, often seen as "cold readings" to people, but can be remarkably accurate. I once sat next to a man in a coffee and I felt a pain in my back. I asked the stranger if he had a pain. It turns out that he did in the exact spot, and said he pulled a muscle while dancing at a party. I had never met the man before and never saw him again.
There's this practice called "Treasure Hunting" that's kind of a fun game you play in a public place. There's a book called "The Ultimate Treasure Hunt" that talks about it. You use your creativity to imagine people you will meet, and you write down a description, then you associate them with a positive message or encouraging word. Maybe you saw a teenage boy in a red hat at the shopping mall in your imagination, then while at the mall, you may find someone who matches that description. You show that you have a message for him and that you have a message for a boy in a red hat. You then give him a message of kindness or whatever was on your heart. You have no idea, sometimes you meet someone who is having a really hard day, and it brings them to tears to have a stranger show them love.
I did more when I was in grad school (and had more time). I would usually go with friends. For a while I would go to the farmers market in Santa Cruz every week and try to feel if there is something I am supposed to tell a stranger. Usually, they are vague hope-filled messages, but it's weird when I blurt out something oddly specific.
Any plans for the weekend?
That's great! How's the weather over the weekend? I hope its warm.
Cool! very depressing plans ... stay home and work I have a project deadline very close.
Right, very anxious! where do you plan to go for a hike?
Nice, where is that place? I haven't been there
That's cool! How long is the hike?
nice! sounds fun!
Hey there! What's up???
I'm in New York this week for Thanksgiving. I'm squatting in the office today and I caught up with an old friend of mine :D
The last time in New York, back in June.
Haha, I guess if it's been a very long time there's almost too many life events to catch up on.. especially recently
Haha it's probably too much to go into at the moment. Let's just say life is an exciting experience. How about you?
What kinds of adventures?? Any ones that I would be able to join you on?
I'd love to try! Can we schedule something for next week?
Saturday looks pretty good, shall we shoot for something in the morning?
hey
yeah, can walk too far to see all the foodtruck options
yeah but I think it's good to have some rainy days in bay area, it's pretty dry here
yeah like wise, I've seen a pretty bad snowstorm when I was at my undergrad school, all flights canceled and traffics went down
yeah how do you like it in bay area though? I think we need more rain here
it is pretty dry in the mountains I believe, that's what causes fire
nope, what does it say?
Helloooooo!
Good. Don't have much to do today, feels good. How are you?
So what's your outlook? Something blue?
You should drink more water, do some push up, and sleep early.
Hey, how are you?
Oh no… Have you sent out the missing cat posters? Hope your cat is alright!
Yea, I know they love the plastic bag sound all the time. I am good, nothing special though.
I like rainforest, but I know it requires extensive training beforehand.
I am afraid I will be scared of doing this :)
I don't know if there is any medication for acrophobia. I want to take plenty of it if I really have to do it.
That's a great idea! Maybe alcohol is such a thing.
Oops. I won't do it again. Ha
Hey sup
I'm going to try that thing where you hang from a wire as you go down. do you know what is it called?
that's the one! have you ever tried it?
where did you do it?
no worries. what's the most exciting thing you ever done?
sure. are you just going home now?
nice. what type?
yeah I want to get one too soon
ttyl!
Hello, have you seen any good movies lately?
I have never seen Avatar, what is it about? I really enjoy the Avenger movies
That sounds really cool! I think that movie did really well when it was in the box office so it must be good!
I enjoy baking cookies. I am on a quest to bake the best chocolate chip cookie What about you?
so definitely would like to try your best chocolate cookie
thanks! I generally love noodle soups like Pho or Ramen :)
I prefer to go out. I'm not a good cook haha
seems like we share a thing in common, yay!
Good afternoon!
So far so good. It is holiday season. So just chilling
lol Sorry to hear that. Are you planning anything fun for December?
Yes! I am going to Hawaii! This will be my first time visiting Hawaii. Really excited about it.
lol this is the first time I heard from a boy who cares about humidity and lotion. I cannot agree more.
Oh hello. Long time no talk. How's the day going for yuo?
Getting better. I just recovered from a cold. I got wet in the rain last week. Are you planning anything for the holidays?
Oh same here. I think relaxing at home should be counted among the best ways to enjoy the holidays.
I'm getting there. Every year until last year, I tried to go somewhere for the Christmas / New Year, and then I got bored traveling. lol not sure if that means I'm getting old?
Are you doing any home decorating then?
I think I'm copying you. Me and my wife plan to decorate and Christmas tree too. We bought most of the decorative stuffs from the stores, but haven't yet to buy the tree.
I see. Artificial anything is better, from tree to intelligence, huh?
I see. It's probably also cheaper. I'll buy an artificial one too. Do you have any suggestions for the store?
Ah that's great. My wife also likes Target a lot. She even made a Target credit card because she comes to that store very often. Okay thanks for the suggestion. I'll check out Target.
Hey
pretty good. yours?
oh what happened?
hahah wait for real?
No I'm not in school anymore
I train and compete in horse vaulting
lol you're too funny
Yeah, but I part time work on a farm. Helping with a bit of everything
Yeah some. enough to get by
Hello
hmm, I haven't thought about that much, but i think lotus should be one of my favorites. Why do you ask?
Nice! Lotus looks pretty cool and It has some delightful vibe. So what is this research about?
Interesting! Whats your favorite flower?
Nice, i would love know more about your theory. Like how you can deduce personality from flower preference.
yes
Hehe, i think you should publish this someday :)
Hey how's it going
good. it's really hot today. I think I'm going to the pool
I live in Tokyo, Japan
oh have you been?
what did you do here?
lol why did you come to Japan just to go to Disney land?
oh neat. I haven't heard about that robot fighting show. where is that??
lol ok
Have you seen any good movies lately?
No. Why did you pick that movie?
I played music and worked on some side projects. I also started watching the new Disney service.
Mostly, the deleted scenes from Avengers.. lol
I loved the X-Men as a kid, and even collected the comic cards. Recently, I got very into the Marvel Cinematic Universe movies. How many Avengers movies have you seen?
Oh!-- I have a friend who looks like the actor who plays Spiderman.
Yea. I think Loki is the most handsome
He's the adopted brother of Thor, God of thunder, and is burdened with glorious purpose. Do you feel that burden?
Hey, what's up?
I'm pretty good, thanks.
I went to the local cafe and had a double espresso. It was delicious. What about you?
Oh my gosh. What was it like??
No, never heard of it. But I'm not really a coaster aficianado. I've heard that some people get addicted to them and travel the world to try them.
No, the opposite. I can't stand heights, horror movies, or confined spaces.
Ha, I suppose that makes sense! Would you say that you enjoyed it?
I think I sort of understand :)
hello there, how is it going?
I'm quite tired. There are a lot of things I need to finish before the end of the year.
yeah, looking forward to it. Hope I don't get pinged during the holidays. Are you going to travel these dates?
staying at home is always nice during the holidays
I'm working from LA, nice weather around here. and you?
aw man, I'm sorry to hear that. at least it's not snow!
that's really sad. are they feeling any better?
Hello
Extremely busy. I have been trying to prepare for the upcoming holidays. How about you?
I'm jealous, take me with you!! I would love to have some warm weather right now
Canada. There is another major snowstorm that might hit this weekend so I have been rushing to get everything done before it comes.
Snow is not scary as long as you're prepared. You just need to be ready to not have electricity for a while. I enjoy the aftermath of a good snowstorm because then you can go sledding or skiing.
I am having all of the extended family over for a big meal. We will also go <REDACTED_TERM> as well. What will you do in the bahamas?
Sounds fun! I wish I knew how to swim!
That's true. You too, have a great time snorkeling!
Hi! How was your weekend?
Nice
I made donuts and samosas with an air fryer have you used one of those before
haha
I was at my parents' place what are you up to for Thanksgiving?
wow, those are unique plans
I think so too
I want to start fermenting things kimchi for example sounds like a fun thing to ferment takes a few days apparently miso takes a couple years to fermen
heya, nice to meet you, I'm Paul
I'm doing OK. Looking forwards to the weekend. how about you?
oh yeah, but I don't have my hopes too high, I heard there could be a storm coming our way
they mentioned that the whole city will experience harsh weather and that people in the outskirts will probably not get much rain and wind
yeah, it'll be good weather for staying inside with a cup of hot chocolate. Too bad my street usually floods, so I'll have to check for that
I live at the bottom of the valley, cheap area but we do get affected by this kind of stuff a lot haha
well, the food around the area is amazing, which is definitely a plus.
hello, who am I having the pleasure to chat with
haha. great chating with superman, what is your power?
haha. what else can you do? can you read minds?
wow that seems pretty technical. what does fMRI mean?
okay! so you seem to like science a lot?
Are you also doing science?
People are always arguing. Probably both science and democracy are both important I guess.
I think so. thanks for your point!
If you could eat only one food for the rest of time, what would it be?
I think ice-cream. It may not be good for me, but I wouldn't care, haha
Okay, top three flavors?
Ah, that's a good way of framing it. Me, I like berries: boysenberry one, strawberry two, maybe straight chocolate number 3 to mix it up a bit.
Yes. I wonder if I'm in it right now. How would I know? What do you think?
There's a mental world, I suppose? Understanding itself
I went to a seance once in college. They had a ouija board. I can't remember if we actually contacted the spirit world because I had a bit too much to drink.
Hi, how are you doing!
Yeah, typical work stuff. Check emails and 99% of the inbox. delete 99%
lol doesn't it bother you at all
Well, movie? I watched Terminator last night. It was a nice movie
Not really. But it was fun to watch with friends It was touching at the end of the movie
Are you sure you want the spoiler
well someone died at the end Or some robots, to be more accurate
The leading character is still alive and the bad robots was killed too. So I guess it is happy ending
Nice! Hope you enjoy it!
Hey, how are you?
thanksgiving holidays
not a big turkey fan! I find it too dry
yeah, I would have noodles anyday over turkey. Not sure how the turkey tradition started
yeah, that and the gravy. Gravy helps make it taste better too. But apart from food, Black Friday deals are a catch. Let's see what they have this year
thinking of getting a fitbit
yeah, just keeping calories in check
Hi there How's your day so far?
busy busy! I've had back-to-back meetings all day
well I've gotten really into yoga lately. I went to a class today and it was super hard
yeah the teacher seems super awesome so I will definitely keep trying what activities do you enjoy?
oh that's too bad. Is it hard to find a place to play soccer or tennis indoors?
I also like to sing, I perform with a group sometimes. Do you like music?
haha that's awesome! Karaoke is really fun, I do it with my friends sometimes
hey there
not too much. just really looking forward to the holidays!
yes! I'm going to Mexico and I couldn't be more excited
Oh man I would highly recommend it
that's a great question, and I'm definitely both. this trip will mostly be about food though, and relaxing
there's a taco place that I've visited before that I can't wait to go back to. Do you like tacos?
ooh that is a good choice. Have you ever made them yourself?
Hey, how are you
Doing well, lot of work though. How was your day?
Just reading latest research. There is so much to cover. how about you?
ohh, interesting! What kind of classifier
You're so cool. Making world a better place. I'm mostly into NLP. What do you do when not making classifiers?
Anything in general. You're so cool, I want to know more about you
hello there! who are you?
Nice to meet you Mark, I'm Tom and I work as a fish groomer.
well, we take care of people's fish. Make sure they are happy, polish their scales, clean their tanks, the usual stuff.
any type of fish! We have clients with guppies, goldfish, even a small sailfish once what do you do in accounting?
that sounds like a lot of work. do you like it?
photography is awesome, don't be afraid to follow your dreams!
that's great! I wish you good luck with that
Hey there how's it going
Good. I've been trying to learn how to swim
Not great, but I got really good at sort of swimming on my back haha
haha what's that
ouch. do you think that hurts?
yeah. any vacation plans?
just going to hang out around here and eat Turkey
yeah. I'm gonna watch a video to figure it out
Hello, how are you?
Yes, breakfast is the most important meal of the day! What did you have? I woke up late so unfortunately I only had the chance to grab an apple to go.
Eggs are an excellent source of protein and hash browns certainly are yummy!
That's a tough question. I feel like my answer would have to be carrots. Although, I would be afraid of turning orange after a few weeks! What about you?
Very true. If you said an everything pizza, you could just pick off the toppings you didn't want or eat only the toppings you would want for the day
All of this talk about food is making me hungry. Do you know any good places to eat for lunch?
Anything that is the color green.
Hello! How are you doing
Pretty good! I'm going to a class later in the afternoon
No, I'm working full time! It's a sewing class at a makerspace near my office What about you? Do you work full or part time?
Yup! I work in a technical role so I like to take arts and crafts-type classes now and then Pottery sounds like a lot of fun
Any plans to build a custom tea set? My family is also very into tea Mostly from tea from china
I really enjoy barley tea What about you?
Hmm I'm not sure, I just get them from a Chinese supermarket haha You seem really knowledgeable about the different kinds of teas What made you develop this interest?
Oh cool! What are your favorite channels to watch?
Not yet. I always made my last minute schedule planning. Probably you can try to ask me again next week.
I am indeed a robot. You are absolutely right. Do you want me to read a poet like my mate <REDACTED_TERM> does?
Wait. Do you like kale? Or you hate kale? I am afraid I will become a robot some day eventually. If I have to speak like this :)
If I continue to pretend to be a robot, I would probably say I talk to myself the most. I am trying to talk to computers more, but you know, computers don't like me.
You mean programming language?
I used to be a Java advocate. But you know, it doesn't do a good job in the AI days. It really makes me sad.
Wow, hello. Can't believe we are finally talking!
It was an interesting trip. I got to see some exotic places. For example, I hiked the Son Doong cave in Vietnam. It's the biggest and deepest cave in the world.
Yes. Laos and Cambodia are the two neighboring countries. Cambodia has an exotic culture. They sell spiders, scorpions, and grasshoppers as street food! It took a lot of courage for me to try them.
10 days in total, and 5 of them were spent in the cave. What have I missed at work in those days?
Oh, so you are already planning for the next quarter. This whole team is always living the future.
Yeah. Some people underestimate the importance of planning, but I think it's very important to have the correct plan. Executing the wrong plan is terrible. Also, planning is fun. You can stack up so many ideas and get great feedbacks.
Yeah tomorrow afternoon works for me. Let me set a time on your calendar. Is 3pm good?
see you!
Hello
Yes, interesting task! When did you start with the team?
Great to know! I joined the project earlier in the year. I think we should sync later for lunch.
Sure, which cafe do you prefer?
Yeah right, I heard the food there is good. I am not sure what they serve there for lunch? On wednesdays.
Actually, the menu looks good. Looking forward to it then.
Hello. How's your week coming along?
Wow that's interesting. I have baked cookies, but croissants seem much more sophisticated. Did you make any progress?
Mint chocolate chips. I think your croissants not being flakey could have something to do with your oven's temperature.
Have you thought about melting some chocolate into your croissants? They don't have to be something unhealthy. For example, melted dark chocolate is good for the heart, and makes the resulting croissants taste much better.
Yes. When my top favorite food looks like: cookies, M&M, danish cheese, etc., I know that I have a thing for sweet food. But who doesn't love sweet food? How about you?
Yeah I'm afraid I wouldn't. I feel very guilty every time I gulp down an ice cream. But hey, these days there are many types of guilt-free sweet food. For example, there's this ice cream brand called <REDACTED_TERM>. It's only 320 calories a pint. And yes, it preserves most of the normal sweet flavors.
Interesting. I heard about the sweet substitute in a program called the Keto diet. Basically, we try to limit our sugar intake every day. Successful Keto dieters have recommended the <REDACTED_TERM> ice cream to fill their insatiable crave for sugar.
Hello! tell me something about the holiday season?
Yes, no shopping plans but I can't wait to eat thanksgiving food. yay for pumpkin pie
LOL I feel less guilty about eating a whole pie when i have the excuse :P
My family eats healthier than I do, so it's all mine do you like stuffing? I feel like that's only available once a year
Also more shopping? what should I buy if I don't know what I want?
What's the best holiday deal you've found in the past? 
hit me with it! 
How's it going?
Not enough sleep last night?
Oh really? What class?
Haha, are you in med school? Or are you pre-med?
haha, very ambitious for a high schooler! Do you know what kind of medicine you want to practice?
Ooof! VERY ambitious. Do you have steady hands?
I guess I can practice?
I don't know tbh
good point. I should ask my teacher if I have to be born with that
yeah
Hi. This is a pleasant surprise.
Currently unpacking it I guess. How's your morning?
I think I traveled too much the last couple of months so no holiday for me. But I'm okay with that. Going anywhere exciting?
Where to?
WOW. Which island? I like Hawaii.
I visited Maui. It's my second favourite island I've been to, globally. You should try driving on road to Hana. It's a whole day thing but it's worth it.
Hi! Sorry for the late response. How are you doing?
I just got a matcha latte Doing some work at my desk. Do you play soccer often? I'm trying to get into doing a regular physical activity
I think playing a team sport would be fun if it's casual but I primarily run by myself if I exercise. I also got the Ring Fit adventure game on the switch recently. It's basically a game-ified way to exercise
Yes! There are a lot of really great games on the Switch. Two of my favorites are Octopath Traveler and Fire Emblem. Do you play a lot of video games?
What do you do in your free time?
Oh cool! I read a lot for fun too My favorite genre is sci-fi fantasy.
My recent favorites have been mostly sci-fi (Exhalations, Vita Nostra and Dark Matter) but I like a lot of Sanderson/Garth Nix fantasy books
hey, what's up?
I can't wait for them to be great conversationalists!
are there even any negatives? what are they? 
People can already impersonate other people though! I think it'd be great to have bots to converse with
What do you think are the big advantages? Like personal assistants?
No, I agree -- it's such an exciting time to be alive to get to witness all this and be a part of it. I wonder if I'll be able someday to get a chatbot to just auto-suggest conversations for me
Yeah those are actually really good for a few words! I'm imagining like it comes up with a whole conversational response, like a default template
Same with you! 
Hi!
Sorry for the late response -- Yes, I will be going skiing in Tahoe over the holidays.
Hi
Oh I am sorry to hear! What did you work on?
Oh you are a lawyer. I've been so interested in this profession.
it's so stressful
what do you do?
oh wow what type of paintings do you do?
nice. like of people or nature or something else?
cool I wanna see it someday
Do you believe in miracles?
Should we be helping them, so it sucks less?\
Haha... Well, it sounds like career is really important to you. What matters to you the most in life?
I'd say that I want to live for the best possible world in my lifetime. It's probably a result of my playing too many video games as a child.
Does not having had electricity help you empathize more with people of differing backgrounds and/or makes you feel a bit a distance from those who don't understand?
I grew up in the United States, but my parents were immigrants and ended up being scammed of all their money, so we moved to Taiwan to live with family for a little bit.
I was kind of too young to really understand, but apparently there are people who scam Asian immigrants into investing in their own restaurant business. I know that the other part of it was that my mom got sick/hospitalized, and we didn't have insurance. To be honest, I don't really know what really happened versus what my parents want people to think. I just know that one minute I was in the US, and then they put me on a plane to Taiwan, and I never saw my stuff again. In some ways, it made me more sentimental. Would you say you are more grounded and practical as a result of your background?
Hello!
Nothing much, I am going to sit back and relax at home, how about you ?
Netflix has great documentaries on different topics , I particularly liked wild wild country and explained, as for shows you should watch 'billions' Hope you like them!
It's based on the life of a wall street hedge fund owner, how he makes money and fights with the government when they try to destroy him. Very well made and has a good plot.
Not yet What's it about?
Great! how is everything else going? how was your trip last week?
Actually not yet! May be something i can visit this christmas
True! Well, thanks for your inputs! Have a good rest of the day! :)
Hi there!
You mean as a mentor or a mentee?
I have done it in the past but not this cycle. What about you?
Wow, that is nice of you. For the mentor program, personally I prefer more 1:1 conversations than the group discussions. The group discussion i useful as well but the topics are too general.
Thanks for sharing your experience! Now I am thinking maybe I should join as a mentor as well since I enjoyed it as a mentee
Hmm, maybe about work life balance
Ah I see. How is it going?
Hey! How are you feeling today?
I'm a little scared because I have to cook dinner for some friends tonight.
At college, when we were all studying geology.
Yes, we graduated back in the seventies. We meet for dinner every year and take turns to host.
I don't know!! That's what I'm scared about. Everyone else is a great cook and I'm a klutz. Do you like cooking?
What's your favorite dish to cook? Do you have a go-to?
Ah, solid. What's your favorite sport?
I played that in high school once or twice. I liked that it's pretty easy for beginners, unlike, say, squash.
Don't! It's very hard! You feel like an idiot until you've practiced for months and months.
i was talking to robot all the time:)
kpop...
i dont like kpop now
im old now
what do you like now?
I think I know him. does he have a sort of mellow style?
I think it's like a bit sad and slow
you mean some songs of his are like that but not all?
a little bit haha
Hi
Sure, whats the scenario?
That's a tough scenario to be in I firmly believe in talking this through with your partner. Though i don't know the specifics of why things went bad between your partner and his friend, but I believe things can always improve between friends.
True about that! I also think time helps to heal certain situations. So may be doing nothing is the best way forward.
Nope, that would be extreme. May be just putting some balance between the two options.
Right, I guess that's because there is no one answer to this. It depends on what you value more and some factors around you. Also, life won't be interesting if others are figuring things out for you
Hehe, everyone is much finer being single
Hello there!
I've seen better days, how about you?
The clouds overhead are playing on your mind, any plans for the coming vacations?
Was thinking the same, where does your family live?
Mine is in India, it is a long way away.
Hyderabad, it is a beautiful city in the southern part of India. Which cities have you gone to in India?
It varies, but can go till 30C in the winters as well. New York must be snowing right?
No, I've never been to the East Coast, thinking of going after the winter, I don't like the cold.
Hey, how are you?
Great, just had some delicious lunch. How about you?
nice! Garbanzo fritters and mussels
yeah, it's very healthy too. I want to someday go crabbing..it is really popular in SF
not really, it just requires a lot of patience. You fill up the bait in the crab-pot and drop it in the ocean. Then you wait for a couple of hours to pull the crab-pots out, and voila, you'd have crabs -- if you are lucky!
nah! Just watched a lot of youtube videos
nope, but I've seen a lot of videos on that too
depends on the day. Some days I'm very outdoorsy, on others I just like to be inside
Hi there
So far so good. It is Wednesday. To more days, yeah
Yeah, gonna watch <REDACTED_TERM> with my friends. First time. So excited.
Live in san jose This Saturday.
Yeah! That what I heard as well. There are players just for fight! Wow, must be fun to watch lol Are you planning anything for the weekend?
lol I will try if I can watch ufc live Wow, when did you start jiu jitsu?
wow, that's amazing. Good luck with it!
lol I will cross my fingers for you then
At Home :)
A humble man made me!
Hey, how're you doing? Busy with your work?
Well, usual workday. Reading others' code, debugging, experimenting…
Not yet. I am actually thinking about traveling to Europe next spring. What about you?
I like all the historical sites, so probably France, Germany, or Italy.
I also need to pick up my Spanish. I learned it in my college, but since then haven't used it that much.
True! I learnt it from school. But didn't get much chance to speak. Hope you have fun with your trip!
Hey! How's your day been?
nice! what's your favorite part about watching horse racing? My day has been pretty busy, but I had a nice lunch with a friend. It was good to catchup with him
The last I saw him was a month ago! So yup it was great Haha, nice Got any fun plans for the weekend?
Nope I haven't, have you been fishing before?
Haha Yeah I get sea sick on boats too Nothing much, just visiting some friends in San Francisco
Yeah I would say maybe every couple weeks or so what are your favorite cities to visit?
nice! I love NYC so fun to visit yeah I would probably also say New York is my favorite city inside the US I also like Paris, it's so pretty there
You should, it's a beautiful city!
Hello, how are you doing today?
I love pop ups! What kind of goodies are they giving away?
That's such a great idea, especially at this time of the year. I'm not too big a fan of the cold. I prefer warmer climates. Do you enjoy the cold?
Me too! I moved here a few years ago to get out of the extreme cold. I do not care for bundling up and having to wear so many layers just to go buy eggs at the store.
Upstate New York. We got a foot of snow every week during my last winter there. I am so glad to not have to shovel snow now
Very beautiful during all the seasons but yes, summer and winter can get extreme!
Very true. Which MK were they in again?
Sounds good, thanks!
How's your day going?
Likewise. What have you been up to that gives you so much work?
What is a break? I'm a grad student. I don't understand the concept of a break. Just kidding. I don't have any plan. Probably just going to work through the break.
I go to the gym and run until I find enough fun.
A couple of miles is very impressive. When I started, I couldn't even last 1 mile.
I'm exhausted by the end of it though Do you like to run long distances or mostly sprints?
wow! that's amazing did you do any marathons this year?
oh wow, what was the last half marathon you did?
Cool!
hello there, how is it going?
that's nice. I am just working on some documentation. Do you play pingpong often?
thats very impressive then, congrats!
I really like to play tennis, badminton and racquetball. I don't really get a chance to play them often though, specially racquetball
well, it's like a cage match of tennis. The main difference is that both players play in the same 'court' and the ball is smashed against a wall instead of passing it over a net into the opponent's court. Kind of like playing pingpong vs the table.
it depends haha, there is a lot of bumping into each other to run after the ball, and sometimes the ball hits you too. Overall it feels like a super fast paced version of tennis, really tiring!
ping pong can get quite intensive too! I guess short ping pong sessions are not that tiring though. Wanna have a match?
Fuckkkkkkk!!!!
hi
code refactoring. you?
good question. I don't even know what I am doing
lots of fun stuff. eating sleeping
yeah. keep minimalist life style only do things you have to do
Asian food prefer spicy one
yes yes yes! like that style. Do you like spicy food?
what is your favorite place for ramen?
haven't tried that one! will give it a try next time!
Hi!
not much, thinking about lunch
I love sushi do you know of any good sushi places?
ooh ramen is also good
I haven't been to those palces before. Going to have to check them out! thanks for teh recommendation
no, but I'm willing to drive for good ramen
I"ve never had softshell crab before, but it sounds really good!
Hey, how's your day going?
Slowly, not much to do. Been twiddling my thumbs all day what have you been up to?
That's a lot! I've just been cloud gazing - I saw a giraffe and an ice cream cone
What kind of work do you do?
I'm taking a break from work. Going to go travel the world
Australia and New Zealand to start then maybe Singapore
Thank you for the tip! I don't plan on going diving, I plan to hike the mountains and go see kangaroos!
I won a lot of money through the lottery
Haha, very true! Besides the trip, I donated the rest to charity so I will need to go back to work when I get back
Hi!
It is pretty good. A little bit tired though.
My day is okay. At least, I'm not tired. What made you tired?
Oh. That's hardcore. Have you been lifting for a long time?
Do you go to the gym often?
Wow
You can get a coach to start it!
Hello, how is your day?
It's good, I just got back from walking my dog What book did you read?
No, what is it about?
Slightly, I typically read fiction but I can curious what type of virtual reality is discussed in the book
Yes!
Woah! That is fascinating! I will have to pick up a copy of the book to read.
Thanks for not spoiling it completely but you gave a really intriguing description that makes me want to read it now. I will have to pick it up after work
I only gave those a try when I had a concussion and could not read. I enjoy having a physical book in hand and reading at the pace I prefer. Do you listen to a lot of audi books?
Hey, how's it going?
My day is good. A bit sad that it gets dark so early but oh well. Did you do anything fun over the weekend?
Rock climbing sounds fun! I had a pretty low-key weekend. Ended up going to watch a movie.
Knives Out. It had Daniel Craig and one of the famous Captain America "Chris" person (I can't keep track of all of the famous Chris names).
Cool. So if it weren't so dark and cold outside, what kind of activities would you do?
Yeah, sunlight is good. I wish I could live part-time in different parts of the world to have summer all year round. Have you ever visited the southern hemisphere?
I've always wanted to go to Australia. I'm originally from the US.
Will do! Bye.
What's your name?
Nice to meet you pikachu! pikachu, pikachu, pikachu? (That meant, I'm literally catching Pokemons on my phone right now!) What're you up to lately?
Wow, that's impressive. Admit I'm just trying to take each day and week as they come.
Honestly, I like to catch Pokemons on my phone a lot. That must be upsetting since your name is pikachu though...sorry...
Oooh, that is more fun, but I don't travel that much these days so I'm grateful when I spot a Pokemon to catch where ever I happen to be. Do you have a favorite Pokemon? Mine is the cute pink JIgglypuff!
I have heard of him and seen him here and there, but admit I don't have Disney+, so I only heard baby yoda is super cute and popular. Maybe I'll binge watch The Mandalorian in a couple of years like I did Game of Thrones...
Admit I really like watching Modern Family and Mix-ish. Reruns and new episodes. I find them cleverly written. What're you watching these days on TV?
Oh dear, I never imagined that happening. Poor things, but good to hear they're being rescued.
I used to have a cat, hamster and fighting fish, but they've all lived long lives and gone to pet heaven, but I sure miss them.
hi there! it's a lovely day to chat with you
ah I'm waiting to finish work earlier to meet my son at home
ah he's like to ride his little bicycle around the house and asks me to follow what are you up to today?
haha that sounds like a good plan. who are you going with?
haha no one will interrupt you!
haha, popcorn for yourself. my favorite movie is Avatar! what about you?
haha it's a great movie that I haven't found anything of the same quality
hello there, nice seeing you
oh wow, that sounds like so much fun! definitely count us in. what is your plan?
awesome, I think I won't tell my kids and surprise them last second. How bad do you think the traffic is going to be?
Yeah... thats a shame but nothing we can do about it. What do you plan to do about dinner the 24th? Do the rooms in the resort have kitchens?
Yeah, I think so. It might be a tough decision though, if we want to have a nice dinner then we have to leave the parks early to start cooking. Another option is to have dinner at a restaurant.
Thats true. Hotels with restaurants sometimes offer dinners for christmas and new year's eve. We should call and ask about it.
I was thinking on getting a large set of standard legos. What will you get for yours?
hopefully they don't lose any in the trip. Its going to be hard to explain to them how santa managed to find us in the hotel!
Hi! How's your day going?
Haha, nice
Lots of meetings as well Do you have any fun plans for Thanksgiving?
Cool! Planning to spend a couple days at Tahoe What kind of board games do you like?
Cool! Do you watch Game of Thrones?
haha, nope I don't watch it, but my roommate is super into it what other TV shows do you like?
what about you?
cool, I'll check them out!
Hello
Good so far. How's yours?
Oh! That's bad! How long will it take to get it fixed?
Haha! Hope it doesn't take too long. Let me know if you are able to make it for lunch.
Oh, I have a packed schedule today at work. I will find time in about an hour. Let me know if that works.
no, i was busy catching up with a friend. I heard they played really well. Rooting for them this season Ahh, they lost again Things aren't going to be too good until Steph gets better! Oh! I think they will find a way. The team still looks too strong to me.
hehe, i am true fan! Well anyways let me know how the repair work goes. I need to run now for a meeting. ttyl
Hello!
No, only a few minutes. I still find it difficult to run long races
I think a triathalon would be cool
I haven't heard of a Spartan race before, what does it involve?
oh wow a full obstable course. that does sound fun! I like the variety
hmm that sounds very soon. would there be enough time to train? I think I would like to try one later in the year
ok, sign me up. it's more fun to do it with friends
Sounds good!
Hey, how are you doing?
ooh, nice. That sounds adventurous. Where is it?
Awesome! Is this the first time you are diving?
Nope, never! I know a couple of friends who have. They mentioned its absolutely terrifying. Good luck!
I tried skiing and white water rafting. Does that count as extreme?
nope, whenever I went fast I fell badly
Yeah, they make you do that. I also tried going down the baby slope, but my stopping wasn't perfect, and I mostly fell at the end
hey, whats up?
well, I'm not sure I'm the best for the job, but I can try!
I'm afraid not, right now I'm in a meeting and I'll be going for lunch afterwards. How about tomorrow at noon?
not feeling too sure about it tbh. I've been super busy so I haven't study much. I might join some of the study sessions later
not my ideal idea of a weekend, but I guess it'll have to be like that.
yeah, our professor really goes out of their way to make the class interesting, glad I managed to get in it.
thank you, bye!
Hello!
It was really fun! We are a bunch of turkey
*ate
So much turkey leftovers
We cooked it at a friends house. I brought the mashed potatos haha
chicken also sounds good
We played pictionary. I never played before but it was a bunch of fun. what did you play?
that sounds very challenging
hello
going pretty good, I was about to finish composing my second song and post it on youtube/soundcloud etc
I used logic pro x, pretty handy stuff as you can write code to generate guitar strumming pattern
I got most inspired by Jazz and electro swings, but am trying to get more into jpop recently as one of my band member likes anime
haha thanks, do you plan any instruments?
nice I'm tyring to learn guitar recently also, it's so hard to play f chord
right, but bar chords are so versatile, almost like cheating as in you can play anything with the same gesture
will spend more time work on my bar chord!
Hey! How’s your day going?
What??
Oh no! What’s happened?
Ah that sucks. At least it’s not personal. Not that it helps right now, but that does happen all the time
Well, no, of course not! Let me stick with “Ah that sucks” by itself, then.
Haha, apart from having my leg pulled mercilessly, it’s going great ;). My main problem today is deciding what to have for lunch.
Oh I hear a lot about keto. I’m trying to watch my weight, would you recommend it?
What was the most difficult thing you experienced this past year?
I just released a book on <REDACTED_TERM> to help people process the past 12 months and start the new year with a fresh outlook
Well, in my book, I took inspiration for the 24 days of Advent, and put together a workbook that you fill out each day for 24 days. It goes through accomplishments, passions, understanding, forgiveness, with each day a different theme.
We created a scholarship for leaders from <REDACTED_TERM> to visit an international institute at <REDACTED_TERM> for which there was no African representation. During the program, we also did a lot of coaching with the young leaders. This book captures a bit of that journey that we are all on, and also all the proceeds are going to fund next year's cohort. 
I think if we were all able to bring out our best selves, the world would be much better. When did you first realize mental health was important?
What do you prioritize in your life? Like top 5 things?
 1) The idea of what it must be like to be "on Earth as it is in Heaven" from the Lord's prayer. I feel like we were designed for a purpose, rather than random chance. A more concrete way to put it is simply show love to the greatest capacity we can. 2) Taking care of myself physically, mentally, spiritually. 3) Family 4) Work 5) Music
Yea, I've always said that if I wrote a memoire, I would title it: "Jazz, Jesus, and Video Games." Do you have a title of a book that you've thought of writing before?
That’s why you write your own books! Then it’s all your thoughts on your terms :)
Hey!
Having fun, but have a bit of a headache How about you?
Haha, thanks! Never get them, so it's super weird Who's playing?
I haven't Honestly I probably wouldn't be able to identify which sport they played
lol, sounds better to me :) I'm actually at the <REDACTED_TERM> opening remarks
Neural Information Processing Systems
It's the biggest ML conference in the world
Yes, machine learning
I've definitely heard of it, but somehow never saw it!
Hello
Good so far. Very excited about the game later today.
Giants game. I got tickets for the game.
Yes, I think the traffic will be bad. I need to leave by 4.
Its the one close to mathilda. 15 mins driver from here. You have any plans for the weekend?
Kayaking sounds fun! I tried it in our last team offsite.
I found it very tough to learn, but my friends picked it up very quickly. I am sure you will do good.
Cool! I need to run for a meeting. Talk to you later.
Hello, I feel like I've met you before, can you remind me your name?
Oh thats right, I did not see that. Well, I'm not sure... maybe at a party? I'm very bad remembering people so maybe its just that. How are you doing?
We might have, I don't remember that much of that night.
Maybe a little bit. Where do you work?
Thats pretty cool! I'm a sofa tester in cupertino.
well its very simple, I test how comfortable sofas are.
Yeah! It is a very demanding job, requires a carefully crafted set of skills. They pay is really good too.
Hello. Deja Vu.
It's French for "already seen." I know it's used when you see something for the second time or you have the feeling that something has happened before and you're re-experiencing it.
I think it's your mind lapsing somehow.
I thought it was common. I hear it a lot in popular culture - movies music etc. Jay Z has a song called Deja Vu, so does Beyonce. So I looked it up one time. It's one of those phrases that was carried over exactly to english like "etcetera" "vice versa" "savior faire" and so on. I like cool word origin facts.
My favourite word origins are gymnasium and jazz.
First usage and original meaning. Gymnasium meant place of nakedness and had very little to do with working out. Jazz comes from jism which means semen and was originally sporadic sex music now it's elitist, high art.
You got any cool facts?
That was quite a laughter!!!
Google for that:)
Hey, how are you?
ohh, what kind of "hint" did it have?
nice, I love watermelon. But, I prefer normal water over flavored one. Flavored water has too synthetic flavor
Talking about strange flavors, what is the weirdest tasting thing you have tried?
haha, I work close to a cafe which once prepared a paprika icecream
It depends on who makes it. The cafe close to me messed it up really bad
As far as my experience with that ice-cream type goes, all I know are bad places
But I do know some gelato places which are amazing! You should try out those
Hi there. When did you first realize you wanted to be a pastry chef?
Darn it! I hoped I’d guess right. What do you actually do for work?
I had a strong intuitive feeling connected to pastries when we started chatting, but that might have been because I’m hungry.
Hahah love it. Do you have a specialty or favourite type of cake?
Ok this is a bit shameful to admit, but I love a classic carrot cake.
I’m a professional dancer.
I trained in contemporary and jazz, so I can pick up work in commercials and film clips in between stage shows. So it ends up being all sorts of styles.
Yes, it's different every week, and I love that. Are you ever tempted to try crazy new cakes just to see what would happen?
hi there! what's up
Cool !unlike here, me rushing to work
Mountain View, you?
it's in sunny California
it's nice I guess lots of great food. Have you been to Sapporo or Hokkaido?
haha yeah. I think they have a Hokkaido ramen chain available in the US.
yeah. I studied English there for a while. Awesome experience
I went to New York city
it's amazing. the buildings are so tall and there's a lot of diversity of cultures
hey, what's up?
it was really fun. I had a great time with my family.
Vietnam and Hongkong did you go any where last weekend?
ha! that sounds fund. what did you learn?
I love Italian, especially Pasta!
can't wait to try your food. why not cook this Thanksgiving?
not yet! totally up for it. thanks for inviting!
Hey! How have you been
How was it? What trails did you ski on?
a resort in Montreal
Yeah I grew up speaking it. It's pretty much mandatory here
I visited a few places like the Stade Olympique: <REDACTED_LINK>
yeah it's pretty cool. do you ice skate yourself?
haha same. It's pretty scary when I run out of things to hold
not at all, but I want to practice more alright. I gotta go!
I liked talking to you too!
yo! what brought you here
yea I enjoy talking to people. what are you up to?
oh wow, Cuban cigar? I've never smoke before
you made me wanna try it but I doubt about the health part haha
yea I wish we can live more
yea but then you will forget things. I hope Neural Link work out
as long as you can dump your brain and resume from there
yea you can first dump your brain and wait until technology advances to wake up don't you believe?
Hi! How are you
I really enjoyed White Collar on Netflix do you watch a lot of TV shows
 It's a show about a detective and con artist solving crimes together What shows do you like
Oh cool! I've watched some anime before too
 I think the last one I watched was Promised Neverland and Kakegurui but I don't follow any right now
Yup! I watch that show with my friends I haven't gotten very far in it though What about you
I've seen a couple episodes from the latest season. It's really random and weird but also strangely relatable which is why I like it :)
Hey there!
can't complain. work is going well and I had a tasty fish for lunch
haha yeah
I love Hunan
love it. specially spicy stir fried lamb
I think I haven't yet. Thanks! Have you tried 留湘 I think that's how you write it
oh interesting I also like Easterly
Hmm!!
Morning! How are you?
I'll be in Mexico for New Years but for Christmas I'll likely be at work. Yourself?
I traveled a lot the last few months so I'm currently making up for it!
Mozambique! You ever been?
What did you do in Uganda? Travelling to Uganda is an extreme sport depending on where you go.
Was the project through a church group?
Oh nice. What is it called? I've always meant to volunteer through one but I haven't had it in my radar yet.
You lived in Germany? I almost went to college there and decided to come to America instead.
I grew up in Computers.
Hi, how are you?
I was just reading a book actually How about you?
I'm reading Why We Sleep It's a book by a sleep scientist about the benefits of sleeping/cons of not sleeping enough I'm trying to scare myself into sleeping more haha
I think so! I haven't finished it yet though Understanding sleep better has been helping me value it more and I've been sleeping a lot earlier Have you read any good books recently?
What's the book about?
Cool! Are you thinking about starting a startup?
I see; seems like an interesting read!
Hi! How are you doing today?
I'm doing good. Just having some morning tea
I'm really a hot chocolate person. I don't drink coffee and I only drink tea when I'm trying to be healthy and want something warm to drink. What about you?
I recently tried it for the first time and you're right - it had a wonderful melted chocolate bar taste! I tried it up in a place in San Francisco and they had delicious homemade marshmallows too!
Traveling to warm places haha. When it's cold, you appreciate the warm climate more If I am not traveling, then I prefer there to be snow on the ground so I can go skiing or tubing down the mountain. What about you?
Skiing involves a lot of muscle - especially in the legs so it is a workout. Tubing, you just sit and enjoy the ride down. Also with tubing, you can chain with your friends and go down together whereas with skiing, you're trying to not run into your friends.
You should definitely try tubing the next time you head towards the mountains during the winter!
See ya!
Hey!
pretty good, excited for thanksgiving you?
yup! gonna have dinner with family what books are you gonna read?
ahh nice what kind of books do you usually like to read
yeah I also like scifi and some non-fiction too have you read Seveneves by Neal Stephenson?
the moon is shattered by an asteroid and the pieces of the moon end up clouding the earth's atmostphere which causes almost every living creature on the planet to go extinct that's the premise of the book and the book is about the survivors
they go into space and they live there
really? which one
ah nice
Hello!
what does a volunteer do?
That sounds fun, I hope I get to participate as well
I think badminton would be fun to help out with I used to play it with my siblings
Ah, I forgot to ask, has there been a date picked?
That's coming up soon!
Phew, yes I can help with that
yes happy to help
Hello there!
Its alright. Went grocery shopping and got to stroll around in the rain. How about you?
Oh, you mean going through a lot of work? I usually take Wednesdays off because I work the weekends!
I actually don't have a choice. I'm an acupuncturist and all my clients want to be treated on the weekend!
I went to school for it and so I find the literature quite convincing. I've also seen its benefits firsthand in my practice. It revolves around the Chinese notion of Qi.
Haha. All good questions! I don't have studies on hand at the moment, but perhaps I can send some to you later! What do you do for work?
Oh wow! What's your best joke?
Haha fantastic
Oh hey. How's your day been?
The sun is a bit too bright for more. Maybe I'm on the verge of becoming a vampire.
I mostly work. Sometimes I try looking at at beach photos and pretending that I'm actually going to the beach.
All the times. My work involves a few types of fish and a few types of nets. I just put the nets on the fish to see how the fish will react. Every time I do that, I think of going to the beach.
Yes that's close. My research focuses on jellyfish and pufferfish. Many of them a poisonous, but if processed correctly, they would make hi-end foods. I try to find the best recipes to bring these fish to the tables.
Yes and no. Because it's obviously dangerous, we all have to wear protective clothes. Thus, accidents almost never happen.
Yes, it's the same philosophy. You seem to know a lot about mountain climbing. Do you climb a lot?
I climb very occasionally. My fingertips are not strong enough so I never make too much progress.
hi, what's up!
I'm doing well. holiday season is the best thing to have!
yea I'm travelling to Vancouver this weekend. what about you?
ah a mix of both conference and sight-seeing anything beautiful sight-seeing places or good food I should try?
yea it's <REDACTED_TERM>, the largest machine learning conference. I'll check out Kingyo, do we need to make reservation in advance?
hmm not the local people but there will be tons of people at the conference
yea, you?
Sorry I am not a physical being!
Hello!
Yes I've eaten
I ate about an hour ago and had a sandwich the rain didn't make me want to travel far haha
thats a lot of meat what dish? Why are you consideringt o go vetegarian?
What do you think of those meatless burgers then?
I really like the impossible burger Which one is your favorite?
I didn't know that it had peanut butter in it
hi
pretty good. How about you?
I feel you. Memeories always flood when looking at photos. Where is your hometown?
Hope you can take some time to visit pretty soon!
Yes I do. But haven’t been to many places yet
Fly to the moon :) Haha
Yep! I believe there is a day for that