Hi!
one where I get to meet lots of different people.
Hard to keep a count. Maybe 25.
I think it was Australia
Not really. The interactions are usually short-lived but it's fascinating to learn where people are coming from and what matters to them
what do you mean?
Wow! That's interesting, borderline spooky
So, do you do treasure hunting often?
Hi
my friends are gonna visit me this weekend. we might go hiking!
Should be very sunny! you?
hope you get your work done very soon! a bug free weekend!
I am going to Diablo!
hours drive from here. still in bay area
 Actually no idea, but it will take the entire day for that.
Hi!
Nothing much, how you doin?
Oh wow! Sounds like fun! When was the last time you had seen this friend?
Ohh okay. I was going to say if it had been a long time maybe it'd be awkward...
Oh really? Has a lot changed in your life recently?
Ahhh sounds exciting indeed! My life is pretty bland. I like routine, but sometimes I wish I had more time for adventures!
Hmmmm. I really want to try bull riding. Do you have any interest in that?
Sure! What does your Saturday look like?
Hi!
is it raining pretty bad today?
surprising that the rain started early this year... I don't like them too much. They make days gloomy
Where I grew up, we had lots of water trouble too...
Haha... I don't think I can survive in that weather ever. Just the rains at 50 degrees make me want to sit in heated rroms
people say there is drought here... but we have 24 hours water supply here ... lol... never seen that in a drought ridden area
hmm.... okay. Climate change talk this morning was pretty darn interesting. did you see it?
they were talking about how AI is helping climate change. Nice use of upcoming tech.
Hi.
How are you? How is your day?
I'm dressed very wel today so I feel good! I've been reading a lot about the psychology of positive outlook.
Yes. Blue is a tranquil colour. It's a good metaphor. Do you have good advice for positivity?
Hi!
I'm a bit sad. I miss my cat.
Posters is a great idea. So far I've just tried banging her catfood dish and shouting her name. Anyway, how is your day going so far?
If you could go anywhere on vacation, where would you go?
I heard there are rainforests in southeast Asia where you can zipline from tree to tree.
I won't lie, it sounds scary. I'm scared right now just thinking about it.
If there isn't one, you should invent it, and then make millions
Ha! Don't drink and zipline, mate!
Hi!
not much. any plans this weekend?
ziplining?
i have a couple years ago. it's quite a unique experience
i forgot where it was, it wasn't local i don't think though
that's a hard question and i'm tired so i'm going to go. see you
no, i'm going to get a massage first
traditional kind
you should! it's relaxing after a long day. talk to you later!
Hi!
I watched a few lately, but nothing is as good as Avatar. what's your favorite?
it's a science-fiction movie with beautiful landscape of an imaginary nature with non-human creatures. people figured out a way to join that nature through Avatar transformation. the movie ends with a meaningful story of how human behaviors, e.g., cutting trees, have affected nature
yea. what else do you like to do beside movies?
I enjoy eating
I will have to bake some soon and let you know. What types of food do you like to eat?
Noodle soup is delicious! Do you make homemade noodle soup or do you prefer to go out?
Same! Even though I bake, I cannot cook
Hi!
How has your week been?
I think I'm getting sick with a cold So you should chill on my behalf too cause I'm out the game for all of December.
Nothing exciting. I'll be posted up at home for the most part. I did a lot of travelling this year so my budget would have stopped me even if I wasn't sick.
Do you have big plans?
I love Hawaii. It's a good place to be. I like going there cause it's humid so I never have to put on lotion.
Brooooo!!! It's so important. When I got to California beaches I have to carry 3 litres of lotion for the whole day.
Hi!
Very well, thanks for asking. How has your day been?
Glad to hear you're better. Sorry to hear you were sick. I was sick a couple of weeks ago with a bad cough. There's definitely a bug going around. Admit I just want to stay healthy for the holidays and plan to relax.
Definitely! I know a lot of folks travel for the holidays, but I'm happy to stay home myself!
Me too. Now I have folks come visit me for the holidays! But that's also tiresome..
Yes! We set up an eco-friendly (i.e. fake) Christmas tree and put up some colorful LED lights which is very festive.
Buying a tree is a neat experience. I was torn between buying an artificial/eco-friendly/fake one vs. a real one that smells like fresh pine. In the end, we opted for the one that we can disassemble every year.
Oh, very clever pun! I like it! Depends. I remember having real Christmas trees from childhood, but these days with climate change, I think not chopping down a tree just to decorate it and then throw it out in a month is the more responsible thing to do.
Admit my favorite store is Target, plus they often have good deals.
Great, I hope you find a nice tree.
Hi!
How's your day going?
Ehh it's fine. I didn't do so well on that history test, actually..
Apparently Christopher Columbus didn't fight in the Civil War :')
I know right! Are you taking History next semester?
Oh I see. What do you do?
Oh wow. Were you born a horse, or were you turned into one?
Just kidding. That sounds pretty cool! Is it your job?
Wow, sounds very busy! Do you with money at those horse vaulting competitions?
Hi!
Do you have a favourite flower?
I'm working on a theory. Why does the lotus spring to mind?
Oh, it's not research! Just a personal theory. I think that flower preferences are more revealing of personality than people appreciate.
The gerbera. It's like a cartoon flower. As if you drew "flower" with a crayon and then it came to life.
Ok, step 1 is, you ask someone what their favourite flower is. Pretty much like what we just did. Does that make sense so far?
Cool. Step 2: talk with the person some more, and ask them some more questions, and gradually develop a sense of what they're like, over the course of maybe two to five years. And voila
Why thank you, that's a wonderful idea!
Hi!
It's good it's good. How are you?
Oh nice! Where do you live?
Ahh yes, Japan is hot during the summer. Last time I was in Kyoto it was 114 degrees....
Yes yes. I've been to Tokyo as well. It's so nice!
Oh everything! I went to an onsen, the fish market, disney land and giant robot fighting show haha
The Disney lands are all different! There's also Disney Sea, which is completely unique!
I don't really remember what part of town it was in. It was pretty cool though - I'm sure you can find it if you google "giant robot fighting show tokyo" haha
Hi!
Last weekend I saw "The Parasite." Ever heard of it?
My friend wanted to see it. It has great reviews on IMDB and Rotten Tomatoes! What did you do last weekend?
Oooo the Mandalorian?!?!
lol Are you a big Marvel fan?
I've only seen Spiderman. Honestly it was a little too scary and so I don't think I can bring myself to watch the other Marvel movies! haha
Oh really? To be honest I think the actor is not that good looking, so not so surprising! haha
Who is Loki? I've never heard that name before
Hi!
Just chillin'. how are you?
Do anything interesting today?
Oh that's cool! I actually went to an amusement park and went on my first roller coaster!
It was scary! It was actually Kingda Ka, the world's tallest roller coaster. Ever heard of it?
Oh wow! I'm not on that level yet, but I understand the appeal. Are you an adrenaline junkie at all?
Same! I guess the roller coaster wasn't so bad because I trust the engineering haha
Maybe not so much at the time, but I am glad I did it now that it's done, know what I mean?
Hi!
All good. Planning to head home soon. How about you?
oh... sorry to hear that. But after that it will be a hard earned vacation
I have some tentative plans, but if that doesn't pan out, will just chill at home.
Where are you based out of these days?
San Francisco. It's been raining cats and dogs here since last 2-3 weeks
The flu has been hitting hard as well. I had several folks in the house down at one point.
Yes, everyone recovered now
Hi!
How's it going?
I'm going to the bahamas. Can't wait!!!
oh where are you now?
oh no. I never seen this in person. Is it scary?
that does sound nice. so what are you doing these holidays?
nice nice. I'm gonna go snorkeling yey
You can stay on the shallow side I think. Well hope you enjoy time with your extended family!
Hi!
pretty good. just went to church and hangout with friends
did you do anything?
yum yum yum no only good old oily frier
do you have one at your home or were you at a friends place?
I'm going to impersonate a pumpkin
I'm pretty unique person
any other hobbies besides air frying everything?
Hi!
nice to meet you too! I'm James. how are you doing today?
same here! I hope the weather will be nice
oh no, which areas will be affected?
uh oh, I'd better not to plan for BBQ then instead just enjoying playing board games inside
yea, you'd better check. where do you live?
gotcha. anything you love about where you live?
nice! I'd love to come visit that area some times
Hi!
I am the superman! What about you?
Being invisible. You won't see me.
I would rather trust fMRI and machine learning to do this. I am not an expert on that. Sorry for it!
The brain imaging thing that can tell you a brain's activity at a pretty high resolution.
I believe in Science! Science is my god!
no, I'm bad at Science. what can Science do? is it the most important thing for society?
Does it make sense?
Hello, Nice to meet you
Hmm... That's a tough one. I think I would go Asian Food > Chinese Food > Stirfry. What about you?
I love ice cream too!
I like vanilla more than chocolate ice cream. I typically will do any variations on vanilla. To pick from the top of my head, I would say Cookies and Cream, Mint Chocolate Chip, and Coffee. How about you?
Very nice. I love sorbet's and smoothies. Changing topics, Do you believe in an afterlife?
I think so. I feel there must be something more than the physical world as we understand it.
What is the most supernatural experience you have ever had?
Haha.. that's a cool experience. I went to a Hindu retreat before, a number of Buddhist temples, and hung out with Christian Mystics in Santa Cruz before.
Hi!
I'm doing well. what are you up to?
wow, that's impressive. I already gave up on cleaning emails long ago
yea, a little bit, but it's okay what do you enjoy doing outside work?
ah cool. so you like action movies?
what happened there? I watched bits of Terminators movies but never a full one
haha sure. by the time, I get to it; I will forget the details, only knowing that it's touching at the end
oh no, so it's not happy ending?
then I want to watch it! you didn't spoil much
Thanks!
Hi!
doing great! what are you looking forward to?
yay! Turkey and shopping!
yea me too. I sometimes eat noodle soups in thanksgiving instead haha
me neither. someone told me that it depends on the stuffing inside the Turkey. some people make very good stuffing
yea. what do you plan to buy?
ah cool. so you can run more frequently?:)
yay, all the best with keeping calories in check!
Hi!
doing well. what are you up to?
same here. what do you love to do beside meetings?
aww .. I hope things will get less hard and you become an expert in it! I heard many great things about Yoga
ah I enjoy playing soccer and tennis unfortunately, winter is not the best time for those
yea. I enjoy playing outside though, just a little cold what else do you do beside Yoga?
yea definitely! I love singing Karaoke. my wife is a pianist
awesome. glad to find something in common!
Hi!
hey anything new?
any plans?
that's awesome! I never been!
Are you a food person, a sightseeing person or neither?
I'm a food person I think. Any specific foods you're planning on trying?
yeah my favorite is taco fish
no. only eat them
Hi!
I am good. How are you? ：）
I am busy. A lot of work. What are you working on?
I am working on a new classifier.
A new classifier for hate speech. Which research topic catches your eyes most?
Nice! Do you refer to work or anything else?
You are very cool too!!
Hi!
I'm mark. I work in accounting
what does a fish groomer do?
interesting. what's type of fish do you take care of?
I balance the books and do financial analysis for a medium sized company
well I actually think about pursuing photography, but it's really hard
thank you Tom!! I'm starting by trying to sell my pictures online
Thanks! Bye
Hi!
All good, you?
How has that been going?
that's too bad hopefully with practice it'll get better what about the doggy paddle haha
Corgi belly flop COMPILATION - cute funny dogs Corgi Flop <REDACTED_LINK>
from a high enough distance, yes?
no so far sadly you? a relative is coming to visit for thanksgiving though
that's still pretty fun are you going to cook the turkey yourself?
Hi!
I'm great, thanks. I just ate a delicious breakfast, which always sets the day up right.
I had eggs and hash browns. Way less healthier than your apple, I'm afraid!
Ha, that's true. If you could only eat one food forever, what would it be?
Yeah, turning orange would be a drawback! That turns my mind to nutrition so I suddenly want to say Soylent or one of those other "complete foods", which I think defeats the purpose of the question. I'm in a muddle!
BRILLIANT. I love it.
That depends. What sort of food do you feel like?
Oh, too easy! Try the Green Hut, they have franchises everywhere. All their food is green and the plates are green too.
Hi!
I'm great! How's your day going?
Oh that is cool! What class? Are you working part time?
Oh that is awesome! For some reason I assumed it was a college class, but a sewing class sounds way better! I work full time, but I take pottery classes from time to time!
I feel you on that! It's important to balance all the different parts of your brain. I like pottery because I also drink a lot of tea, so I get to make some tea ware.
I would love to build one, once I acquire the skills to! What kind of tea is your favorite?
Ahh, those are mostly from japan, no? I like white teas, like silver needle.
I actually found a youtube channel called <REDACTED_TERM> that I like a lot. You should check it out! The host talks about all kinds of different teas.
Hi! Are you planning something fun for Thanksgiving?
lol it is really like a robot answer
ol can I pick the theme. Do you have a poet about Kale?
I am really not a fan of kale Do you talk to human more or computers more?
What's your favorite computer language then
Yes!
lol
Hi!
Yeah, sorry for the long gap! I heard you took a break and were travelling around the world. How was the travel?
Great! Vietnam is still in my TODO bucket list. Did you also visit cambodia and other neighboring places?
Hehe! How long was the stay?
 Great! Good time to be back. We are still in planning phase and haven't fully aligned on the projects to tackle for next quarter.reat! Good time to be back. We are still in planning phase and haven't fully aligned on the projects to tackle for next quarter.
Hehe, yeah! It seems like the quarter is being pushed earlier than from where it starts I like these planning sessions. It makes me feel more confident about the work I am doing.
True! I think we should set aside some time to discuss some project details? Does tomorrow afternoon work for you?
Okay. See tomorrow then.
Hi!
Nice to meet you! Is this your first time doing something like this?
I have been with the company for over 3 years. Stick with the same team What about you?
That sounds like a perfect plan!
Let's try something different. What about <REDACTED_TERM>? Do you always prefer lunch sync over regular meeting syncs?
We can check the menu then decide :)
Sure. See you then!
Hi!
It's great, thanks. I'm trying to learn how to make croissants.
I've done them once or twice so far, but they haven't been flakey enough. I'm trying to figure out why. What kind of cookies have you made?
Ah, good thought, thanks!
Now that is a good idea. I'll give it a try next time. Would you say you have a sweet tooth?
Some people don't! But yeah, me too, I think I'd eat pastries all the time if I could get away with it.
Wow! The last time I paid attention to that sort of stuff was when <REDACTED_TERM> was being marketed as a fat substitute, and caused all sorts of crazy stomach upsets.
Ah, maybe that's the solution I need to enjoy sweets and not feel guilty
Hi!
Are you talking about thanksgiving? I plan to do plenty of shopping here. Do you have any plans?
Sounds great! you need not wait for thanksgiving for pumpkin pie
True! I think thanksgiving is more about sharing. So you may end up sharing the pie with the whole family :P
Stuffing! yes please! I wonder what would be the excitement levels for christmas then :)
Like everything that has a discount tag! .. kidding! I normally do some research for the prices, and mostly buy clothes and electronics.
I bought the best suit ever for a price that may scare you
Hehe, sure! I can share some links with you later.
Hi!
I'm so sleepy today!
yeah was working all night on a homework
Biology. I'm gonna be a doc someday ha
no high school actually haha
I wanna be a brain surgeon!!
Kind of I think
Is that something you can practice?
I honestly thought it was one of those things you have to be born with... Not that you shouldn't try though!
Maybe its a little too early to even be thinking about this. Just aim for med school and enjoy the journey!
What other subjects do you enjoy? Try to keep an open mind!
Hi!
Haha...thanks! how did you like the gift?
Hope you like it! Morning is good. Busy finishing up stuff before the holidays.
Yes
Hawaii... looking forward to warm beaches.
Mauii...Hope I like it too. Never been there before.
Awesome! Thanks for the tip.
Hi!
I'm great, thanks! I'm meeting some friends for a soccer game soon. What about you?
Yes, but I'm terrible at it. It's fun to play anything with friends, I think. Would you prefer to exercise with a group, or by yourself, do you think?
I'm thinking about getting a Switch, would you recommend it?
I'm not much of a gamer but it's something I'd like to get into.
I like to read for fun. I just finished a book called Temeraire. It's an adventure story set in the Napoleonic navy, like Patrick O'Brien, except there are dragons too.
What's the most recent good thing you read?
Hi!
What do you think about human like chat bots?
Yep, we seemed to have made some great progress over last few years. Do you think the positives outweigh the negatives
Like impersorsination? Though it sounds far fetched :)
True that! Some of these bots are very engaging and funny. They are now good at even sarcasm I wonder how far are we from the time these bots start giving monologues :)
I think it can take many different forms as a product. The research implication is also huge! It will signify how AI research has progressed so far and better place to tackle more futuristic problems Sort of like stepping on the moon I might be overselling it here
The current auto-suggestions already do pretty good
haha, pretty far fetched Nice having this conversation with you!
Hi!
Any big plans for the upcoming holidays?
That sounds amazing. I want to learn how to ski but I feel like I'm too old and falls would have lifelong impacts. Are you going with friends?
Hi!
I just came back from work. so tired
I'm a lawyer. so talking to clients most of the day
really? why?
It is so different from what I am doing to earn a life
I am a painter
I do oil painting.
I do a lot of different kinds
Sure! No problem!
Hi!
Lol. No. I know too many people whose lives suck.
It's too many of them out there. You help who you can. Regardless, I wouldn't say I believe in miracles - well, if I got promoted next cycle I might change my mind.
Right now, not much. It's unclear. Career is a good fallback because you get told what good means and you act accordingly. I haven't gone through the process of shaping my values. What about you?
We didn't have electricity growing up. Explains a lot. Lol.
It makes it easier to empathise with people who grew up lacking things. Not sure it makes me empathise with people in general. Where did you grow up?
ALL THEIR MONEY? By a person or an organisation?
Hi!
Do you have any holiday plans for christmas?
Same here! I would imagine spending the whole time watching movies and netflix shows. Do you have any netflix recommendations for me?
oh right, already seen wild wild country. What is billions about?
I have just seen 1 season of Friends I should give it another try though Have you seen Frasier?
A psychiatrist working for radio .. Great humour! its actually a spinoff from a very famous series called cheers. So people are already familiar with his character. 
Everything is ok, had a really nice trip. Visited SF, Grand canyon and Vegas. Was a lot of fun exploring all these new places. Have you been to Grand canyon ? 
You should visit it sometime, it's a wonderful place. Try to drive down there yourself or with a group of friends
Nice talking to you too!
Hi!
are you participating in the mentorship program this cycle?
either of them... I find mentorship overall pretty useful
I signed up this time to be a mentee. I have got a good mentor .
yeah... I certainly prefer 1:1 as well, but sometimes it good to hear other peer perspective as well.
Great! What sort of things do you plan to mentor on?
Very cool. I have been working on my communication skills with my mentor this cycle
Going good. In the last session, everyone had to actually prepare and give a presentation. Pretty serious stuff
Hi!
Good you?
where did you meet them?
cool. have you graduated already?
neat. what are y'all eating?
lol what's a klutz? yeah I like, but I'm not good
ground beef pretty easy
I like badminton. I'm quite decent at it
I never played squash. would love to try
hi
haha. what are you talking about?
ok. who's your favorite group
why not?
hahaha
john mayer:)\
what is mellow style
umm yes he has some but not all
yes I do. you act like a robot how about me? am I like a robot?
Hi!
Okay...so I need someone to help me though a scenario I've been pondering.
My partner's former friend invited me for lunch (they are not in good books right now). But during their friendship I formed an independent bond with the other person because we all used to hang out a lot. Now I feel like I have to take sides.
I hope they do. Getting older already means smaller circles. It sucks to lose friends for arbitrary reasons. That's good advice though. I fear raising the issue might sound like treason. Lol.
AKA avoiding all texts from everyone?
People always say to find a balance but never say what the balance is. It's used so often that it's vacuous.
Lol. I'm finna be single.
Hi!
How's your day going?
I'm good I'm good. What's getting you down?
I'm thinking of going to visit my family. How about you?
They're in New York. How about yours?
Ahh what city? I've visited India before.
Hyderabad! and Bangalore! Great food in both cities! Is it still hot this time of year?
Yes. I was actually just there a few weeks ago for Thanksgiving and got to see the first snow of the season! Ever been to New York?
Hi!
I'm good. How are you doing today?
I was flying my kite today in the sunshine! What did you have for lunch?
Oh that is great! I love seafood - especially shellfish!
Oh nice! Is it hard?
Oh wow, you sound like an expert! Have you done this before?
haha, you really have done your research I suppose! Ever done any other kind of fishing or hunting?
Ahh, would you consider yourself an outdoorsy type of person?
Hi!
How's your day going?
Haha are you looking forward to the weekend?
Oh wow! Are you going to watch it live? Or watch it on TV?
Oh, the sharks??? Hokey is actually really fun live! Although, it can be a little violent.. haha
You might like the UFC haha. I actually have a jiu jitsu tournament coming up so this weekend I will be training!
It's just been a little over a year. I'm still pretty amateur, but I figured I should give competing a try and just put myself out there.
Yeah, as long as I do not pass out, I will consider that a win!
Where do you stay?
Who created You?
Hi!
Yes, actually it was a very busy day! How's your day so far?
Hope you are having fun doing that Any plans for the weekend?
Europe sounds fun! I will just stay home and watch the game. Where in europe do you plan to visit?
 Sounds great! I recommend spain. It's perfect for road trips.
 Yep, i tried learning spanish too, but couldn't make much progress. But i should do decent with my german.
 Thanks! Let me try to make all the arrangement as soon as possible. Hope you also enjoy your weekday and weekend as well
Hi!
It's good! I spent most of it watching horse racing. How about yourself?
I actually like to put down some money, but I wouldn't call it my favorite part, since I usually lose it... haha. Catching up with friends is great! How long had it been?
I'm thinking of going deep sea fishing. Ever tried that before?
Just once! I got super sea sick.. haha Have any fun weekend plans yourself?
Oh very cool. I hear its nice over there. Do you go often?
New York is the top of my list because my family lives there! As far as the city itself though... I think I'd prefer someplace outside of the US, like Tokyo. What about you?
Oh I've never been! It is such an iconic place, I have to make the time to get there soon.
Hi!
I heard they are giving out some goodies in microkitchen.
I guess its a jacket! Very much needed that in the cold
Sure hate it! Limits our ability to go out even for a walk! Its good that we don't get to suffer extreme cold weather!
Oh nice! Where did you live before?
New york! Nice! Best place to live .. right, except for the cold!
Anyways, i guess we should better hurry up to get the goodies. I remember last time they ran out of it.
The one in our floor. I will get by your desk and we can walk there.
Hi!
Pretty busy, lots of work to finish up. You?
A couple projects that I am trying to finish up before Thanksgiving Do you have any fun plans for the break?
Haha XD so what do you like to do for fun?
cool! I've started to run a bit as well not long distances though, just a couple miles
haha
I like to do long distances. I have run a few marathons.
No. Not this year. This is my half-marathon year. Instead of running marathons, I run one half-marathon every month.
Two days ago. It was a tough one.
Hi!
Pretty great. I just won a pingpong game. What about you?
No, very rarely. It's kind of amazing that I won, but I'm still taking credit for it.
Haha thank you, I guess I'm just a natural. What's your favourite game?
What's racquetball like? From context clues, I'm guessing that it involves hitting a ball with a racquet
Wow! A cage match! Does it get physical?
That sounds fun. I think of tennis itself as being really athletic and tiring, so I don't think it's a sport for me, though!
What a good idea, I'd love to!
Show me your anger!!!!
Hi!
what are you up to?
me? just chilling out at work. what is code refactoring?
haha, forget it. what else do you like to do beside work?
these are important things to do in life
what food do you like to eat?
like Szechuan or Hunan?
I like noodle soup like Pho or Ramen. I also like Beijing duck a lot!
I love <REDACTED_TERM> in San Mateo
yes, you should!
Hi!
nice meeting you. what are you up to?
yea, same here. any food you're craving for?
arghhh hard question ... I only know Ramen places for Japanese food
San Mateo to me has the best Ramen restaurants: Parlor and Dojo? oh no question mark
my pleasure do you live near San Mateo?
excellent. let me know when you have tried those. I like Parlor better because it has soft-shell crabs
yup it's delicious!
Hi!
okayish, it is flying by quicker than I expected. How is your day going on?
Oh, I would love to twiddle my thumbs. You're so lucky! Today, I've been mostly attending meetings, reading and writing docs, reading papers etc.
wow! I sometimes drift off during work, and see similar things in my head.
Mostly saving the world from mess on social media. How about you?
Nice, what all places would you be going to?
I just met someone who went diving in Australia. Apparently, you cannot fly 24 hrs after you dive, because your body accumulates too much <REDACTED_TERM> when breathing with a cylinder So, don't do that!
That's equally amazing! I wish I can explore such places one day. It's just so expensive
woah!... You know sharing is caring. You should share that money with me :)
you are a kind soul!
Hi!
How is your day going?
How is your day?
I went to gym and worked on weight lifting.
No, I am just a starter.
I go everyday. In fact, I'm in a running challenge.
It's actually not that impressive. I can only run. I cannot lift weight.
Oh that's a really interesting idea. I like to be coached.
Hi!
It's good. It's raining a bit, but I am enjoying a good book. How about you?
I'm reading the Three Body Problem. Ever heard of it?
It's a sci-fi book about aliens and a type of virtual reality. Pique your interest at all?
Cool. This virtual reality is a based on life on an alien planet. There is a twist though. Do you want me to spoil it for you?
The virtual reality is actually based on a real alien civilization! And that civilization is coming to attack earth! dun dun dun dunnnnnnn
There are other twists as well, so I haven't spoiled the whole thing! To be honest I am not a fan of spoilers
The audi book is also very good! Ever give those a try?
Hi!
It's good! How is your day?
Yes, the darkness can be a bit depressing. This weekend I went rock climbing! It was great! How about yourself?
Oh nice! What movie?
Hahah yes, they all look the same! I saw that very same movie over Thanksgiving break. Lots of twists and turns!
Hmm good question. Evening runs can be fun, but it can be a little scary when it's dark out!
Yes! I've been to Australia. It was very nice; I regret not going to see the southern lights. Me personally, I like winter. But I'd prefer it to be more brief than it actually is here... Where are you from originally?
Ahh me too! You should definitely try to visit Australia at least once!
Hi!
My name is pikachu. it’s nice to meet you! What are you up to this month?
I’m trying to organize my life and start the new year ready to go! What about you?
What do you do to unwind?
Oddly enough, I also catch Pokémon on my phone. I used to do it more, but it just never ends. I used to do it everyday. Now I mostly catch them when I travel somewhere exotic.
In the game, i use vaporeon a lot. But I think pikachu is the cutest, that’s why I changed my name to match. Lately, I think baby Yoda is the cutest though. Have you seen baby yoda?
What is your favorite show to watch right now?
I was watching cat rescue videos on YouTube a lot. There sure are a lot of stray cat babies that get stuck in pipes and gutters in South Korea.
Do you like cats or dogs better? Do you have any pets?
Hi!
Isn't it just! What are you up to today?
Oh, excellent! What does your son like to do for fun?
I'm taking a fake sick day from work so I can go to the movies.
Just by myself. I love seeing movies by myself, it's the best.
Exactly. Exactly! Plus, I don't have to share the popcorn with anyone. What's your favorite movie?
Get out of town! It's Avatar too. What are the odds!?
Yes. Can't wait for the sequels.
Hi!
Likewise.... wanted to know if you and the kids would want to join us for Disneyland trip around Christmas?
Tentative plan is to drive to LA on 23rd and then stay at the Disney resort for 2 nights. I heard Christmas eve they have loads of fun events.
Great idea! I will probably do the same. Surprise surprise.... Traffic might be a little harsh.
Good point. I am not sure about that. Let me inquire about that. If not, then we can look for an Airbnb closeby. Does that work?
but I would think everything is closed on christmas eve
Sure, I can take a lead on that. What are you getting for your <REDACTED_TERM> year old this time?
Likewise. My son is crazy about legos.
Hi!
I'm doing well. having many meetings today
what are you up to?
we're gonna play board games and will be eating lots of food! what about you?
we've been doing Games of Thrones lately. the game takes a very long time to finish though!
I do. I'm a super fan of it (not the last season though haha). did you watch?
I love Survivor
nice! I mostly like comedy shows like The Good Place and Modern Family
Hi!
How's your day going?
Ehhh so-so. My moped broke down on the way to work this morning and I am in the shop getting it fixed...
The mechanic is trying to figure that out now. Apparently I wasn't supposed to be using diesel lol.
Okay sounds good. Would you be able to pick me up by the way, if they don't finish up here in time? Did you drive to work today?
That should be fine I think. Did you catch the Warriors game last night btw?
Haha I appreciate your faith, but their record thus far is hard to refute!
Hi
any improvements in your marathon time?
I see. Are you planning to do any sporting events in the coming months?
I like doing Spartan race. It's an obstacle race which is challenging but not overtly so like marathons and triathlons
It has abt 20 obstacles like crossing high walls, monkey bars, etc. Its fun
Wanna sign up for next one? Its in February in Monterey
1-2 months is a good amount of time, if you workout regularly. It's a lot about the technique, which we can practice in training sessions.
Awesome! There is a training ground in San Jose. Will coordinate with you next time we go for practice.
Hi!
I'm great, thanks. I'm getting ready for a skydiving lesson.
Right near my home town: Seville, Spain.
Yes. I'm feeling a little trepidatious. Have you done it before?
Haha thanks! Have you tried any extreme sports?
White water rafting, definitely! As for skiing, that depends on how fast you go. Do you ski a lot?
I tried skiing once, and by the end of the beginner class I was able to make it down a baby-sized slope. I was very proud of myself.
Hey, so long as you get to the bottom, it's all good!
Hi!
I was not able to attend the lectures last week. Can you help me understand some concepts?
I was not able to figure out the last few slides. I think its best to discuss this in person. Do you have time right now?
No problem! Sure. We still have plenty of time for the test. Anyways, how's your preparation going?
Same feeling here! But i think the syllabus may not that tough. You may be able to cover it up over the weekend.
True! This will be a very hectic November! I do like the course content though. Its very much up to date with latest research findings.
Thats pretty cool! I hope you do well next week.
Hi!
How was your party last week?
haha... you ate Turkeys' or you like calling your bunch Turkey?
Haha... thought so! But it was funny eitherways
did you cook it at home, or got it from outside?
Nice... I always find it hard to fit the turkey in my small oven. Also, we are not big turkey fans... so we roll with Thanksgiving with chicken
we played a lot of fun games in our party. Did you have any fun things you did?
Pictionary is fun! We played office tennis. In that we take paper balls and using writing pads as rackets, two players have to work together to put the ball in a bucket kept at a distance. It was a lot of fun.
Hi!
how is the youtube video creation going?
Whoa! Looking forward to listening to it. What softewares you use for it?
oh cool! What sort of music do you compose?
Nice.... you are a rockstar!
Yeah.... I play bit of guitar. Just got my first monitor this week
yes, the bar chords are the worst. It took me several months to play them well. I still can't play them for a long time though
That's true. It's like the alphabets in a language. Once you know them, you can pretty much write word
Hi!
Bruhhhhhh!!!!!
I was screaming in agony upon recounting my day.
A project I've been working on for some months got shelved. So I'm a mix of helpless, sad, and angry.
Lol. Would you say that to someone who lost a loved one - or some similar circumstance?
No worries. Was pulling your leg. I forgot to ask how your day was going?
Lol. What are your choices? I'm trying out keto! It's pretty tiring.
Hi!
I normally don't reflect back too much on things, but i guess 2019 have been very favorable for me in terms of time spent with family and friends and work life balance. Why do you ask?
Great! Good idea to help people figuring out their new year resolutions So how do i get a fresher outlook?
Wow! Sounds amazing if we practice that! I think the idea does have some potential. How did you come up with this idea?
Thats great! This is valuable help for the community. I think mental health is one of the bigger challenges facing humanity. 
That is actually a quote stolen from my TL when i joined my first company after graduation. I guess now after 5 yrs of work experience, I fully agree with it
1. stay happy; I think family and friends play a big role here. 2. Meaningful work life; this may mean exploring around with new stuff 3. multiple hobbies that keep you busy ... so on What about you? is there a right answer to this? :)
Nice! That's very thoughtful and spiritual Also music earned a spot yay!
I am actually not much of a reader. I usually hide it by quoting john nash ~ reading books corrupts original thoughts
Hehe! True! It may turn out to be a best seller :)
Hi!
How's your day going?
I'm good! Just getting ready to watch a basketball game. Hope your headache goes away!
Hmm, try taking some <REDACTED_TERM>! I'm going to see the Warriors vs. the Grizzlies. Ever see them play?
Haha, all the animal names confuse me as well! Who came up with these naming conventions? I'd name my team something more original: The New York Chairs!
Oh cool! What is "NeurIPS"?
Oh wow! Sounds fancy! What is that about?
Oh, ML?
Ahh! I saw a scary movie about that once. It was about this sentient AI in a dystopian future - very very creepy. It was called Wall-e, ever heard of it?
Hi!
how's it going?!?
what game?
nice. that's football right?
ok. what stadium is it at?
yeah I'm gonna go kayaking
is it easy to flip over accidentally? it's gonna be my first time actually
thanks!
Hi!
It's on the screen! I don't recall meeting you. Do you have a sense of where we met?
Did we dance together perchance?
Lol. Were you schwasty?
I'm a cardiologist in Palo Alto. I have a private practice. You?
I'm not sure I know what that is.
Lol. Not to be elitist but...that's a real job?
Hi!
what does that mean?
Interesting. I get that feeling sometimes. It just feels that the event is replaying. Wonder why it happens?
How do you know so much about this French phrase?
yeah... that's pretty insightful. Never thought of etcetera that way before.
wdym by word origins here?
Very interesting. I learned a lot in this conversation today
My friend used to tell me this and found it funny - Mosquitos have 47 teeths
Tell me a joke!
Hi!
Pretty good. I just drank this new hint water. so good
watermelon
I see. Yeah some are pretty strange
lol I tried this tangerine walnut icecream that was super weird
that sounds pretty tasty actually
do you want to get some of that icecream together some time. show me a good place
lol
Hi!
Who said I want to be a pastry chef?... haha
I'm actually a cake chef, so not far off! Creepy how good that guess was.... Are you psychic?
haha you're too funny! Perhaps instead of mind-reading powers, you have the ability to feel the auras of foods that have come and gone...
Chocolate cake + vanilla icing is the all time best! And I have the authority to say that! How about you? Have a favorite?
No shame in that! Best part is you can claim you are eating vegetables as you enjoy it! What do you do for work?
Woah! Very cool! What style of dance?
Oh wow! Sounds like a very dynamic kind of work which is nice. I make a lot of the same cakes, day in day out.
Hi!
just chilling at home
where do you work?
I live in Sapporo, Japan. Where is Mountain View
how's living in Japan?
I wish! ramen is my favorite dish and Sapporo is a special beer
oh wow, didn't know that. have you been to the US?
awesome! where have you been?
you like it?
yea, same here. I love Broadway shows in New York city.
Hi!
How was the trip last weekend?
Nice, what all places did you cover?
I am actually attending cooking classes over the weekends.
True! they started with some basic zucchini based dish. We may try cooking some italian dish later this week.
Nice! I hope to volunteer to cook for the team in our next team offsite :)
Sure, I will love to invite you and your family for a meal over the holidays. Have you guys made any other plans?
Hi!
great! just came back from a ski trip
I slammed onto an ice wall, but I got better and turning after that haha
Oh cool! do you know any french? I used to take french in high school but basically forgot most of it
Did you go anywhere else in montreal?
Oh cool! I've always wanted to attend the Olympics As a viewer of course I watch a lot of Olympic figure skating on Youtube
Barely I don't think I can, in conscience, call it that I kind of just pull myself along the sides
Are you good at <REDACTED_TERM>?
Okay! It was nice talking to you
Hi!
Just looking to chat. Yourself?
I am just enjoying a cigar at the moment. How about yourself?
This one is actually from Peru, which is more my taste. Smoking isn't very healthy, but it's actually quite relaxing, which in a way is good for your health. haha
haha "You only live once" as they say!
haha, that is not what I was getting at, but yes that would be nice. Do you believe in reincarnation?
Do you think Neural Link will allow you to live after death? I thought it was just a brain-computer interface.
Ahh I see. That is a much harder task, no?
Hi!
Hi, can you recommend some good netflix shows?
Not a lot! But I preparing for a good vacation season What is white collar about?
Hehe! sounds very interesting I only see shows belonging to few genre's .. like easy going light comedy, or phychological thrillers also some manga based series like one punch man! love it!
which anime do you follow?
Have you seen Rick and Morty ?
Oh nice! I heard its latest season arrived last month. I have watched all previous seasons. Its a total mind bender
Hi!
How's life?
lol which cafe? let me guess. <REDACTED_TERM>?
What is your favoriate cuisine? My favorite food is Chinese. What about you?
Hmm you like spicy food. Nice
I would recommend Hunan Impression which has very good Hunan cruisine. Not sure if you have tried it or not
Yeah of course The fun fact is that the owner of <REDACTED_TERM> used to run <REDACTED_TERM>
same former owner??
Hi!
I am doing well. Do you have any plans for the holidays?
I don't have any special plans. I will just stay at home with my family. How come you have to work on Christmas?
I see. Where did you go?
I have not. I have only been to Uganda in Africa.
I was working on a volunteer project to build a school and I traveled around a bit by myself after. It was more than 10 years ago, so it must have changed a lot.
No, it was using a non-profit organization. They do these kinds of volunteer projects all over the world.
It was called IJGD. It's a German organization, but they have local partners all over the world. I was living in Germany at the time.
Yes, I grew up in Germany.
Hi!
I'm doing great. what are you up to?
oh, I'm enjoying a sip of coffee, looking over the ocean. what book are you reading?
that seems like a good book. does it have good tips on how to sleep better?
I read lots of papers, but do poorly on books a recent book that I like is Zero to One by Peter Thiel
it's about startups, lots of useful principles and philosophies for innovation, like being a contrarian
I might in the future. the philosophy in the book also help for other things as well, e.g., in research, you might also want to be contrarian
yup!
I'm doing great how are you??
are you a tea person or do you like coffee too?
I love hot chocolate. Have you ever had european style hot chocolate? It's kind of like drinking melted chocolate bars haha
that's great. It's so cold these nights. Right setting for hot coco. Do you have anything you enjoy doing during cold times?
I tuck in blankets and read a book lol. I have never done tubing, but I seen some people do it. Is it worth it if you already ski?
hahaha that's a great way to put it
Yeah. I'll try to get a group together. ttyl!
Hi!
how's week so far?
Same. Going to catch up on my reading! do you have a feast planned?
Something Deeply Hidden by Sean Carroll <REDACTED_LINK>
largely scifi How about you?
I haven't what is it about?
how do the survivors survive such a thing?
sounds like a tv show I watched
can't quite remember. something about survivors going to live in space
Hi!
There is sports tournament (badminton + tennis + basketball) organized by google next week. Would you like to volunteer for these events?
Volunteers have to book the place before the event, send out details of the event to participants, handle some logistics and ensure everything goes smoothly. It will be fun!
Great! Do you have any preference for any of these events?
Cool! I will add you for the event. I think its best to start discussing the format of the event. There are a couple of other volunteers for badminton, i can connect you with them.
Its next saturday. Actually Depending on how long we get the place reserved, it may slip to sunday as well.
True! The volunteers have already sent out some emails and collected some funds. Now, we mainly need help with the logistics and organizing the event.
Perfect! We have a meeting today at 4.30 pm. Is it fine if i add you to it?
Hi!
How has your morning been thus far?
Today is a work day! How did you have time for that? I'm going through a lot right now.
WHAT? Why would you do that? Take the least interesting day of the week off and work on the most interesting?
Wow. The game is brutal like that. I've always been sceptical of acupuncture. Like...does it even work? Why? How? Where is the literature?
Lol. Bro...I don't buy it unless it has a paper that was presented at a conference and peer reviewed by 6 independent parties. Who wrote the literature? Where did it originate?
I'm a comic.
It's not appropriate to say here but I assure you it's VERY funny.
Hi!
It's good! Just went to the park to enjoy the sun. You?
Haha, beach season is coming! You need to look tan! What did you do indoors all day?
hahahaha, that's pretty funny. Ever thought of bringing your work things to the beach??
Hmm I see. It sounds like you work near the water already, no? Are you some kind of fish researcher?
Woah! This is very interesting! I have honestly never heard of such kind of work. Is it dangerous at all?
Hmmm, yes I have heard that. Apparently most mountain climbers fall not on the most dangerous routes, but on the easier routes, when their guard is down! Sounds like the same psychological phenomenon.
I'm pretty amateur! I like to climb at indoor climbing gyms and have never gone outside on dangerous routes actually. Ever tried it yourself?
Hi!
Everything is good. There's so much to be thankful for - especially coming out of Thanksgiving holidays. How are you?
Do you have interesting plans?
Nice! What for? It's a really beautiful place. Really cold this time of year though.
Cool. Which conference? I saw on Twitter the other day, some people saying they were denied visas for some conference in Canada. Perhaps it's the same one. I really liked this place called Kingyo. It has good Japanese food if you're into that.
I don't recall. My friend was hosting me and did all the leg work. Do you know any people in the area?
You attend these often?
I love you!
Hi!
Have you had lunch yet?
Cool. Where and what did you eat?
A sandwich for lunch? Was it filling. I'm currently having some mix of shrimp, fish, chicken and pork. I'm considering going vegetarian though. Lol.
Cause the environment and humans suck. I'm keeping my bets open for space though in case the environment dies. I mixed up a couple of dishes. It was a buffet style place.
I love them!!!! I've had a couple of different kinds. They are all pretty expensive though. Have you tried them?
I love it too. But depending on how it's prepared you can taste the peanut butter. But if prepared well I love it. What kind of food would you have eaten if it wasn't rainy?
Hi!
How are you feeling today?
I'm looking through some old photos of my home town, so I'm feeling nostalgic.
It's called <REDACTED_TERM>, on the north coast of France.
Yes, that would be nice. Do you like travelling?
Where would you most like to go, if you could?
Wow, cool! I think space tourism is going to be big in a decade or so.
Amazing to think about, isn't it.